[DOCS] Endpoint artifact docs clarification (#2516)
elastic/security-docs: docs/management/admin/blocklist.asciidoc

[chapter]
= Blocklist

> The blocklist allows you to prevent specified applications from running on hosts, extending the list of processes that {elastic-defend} considers malicious. This helps ensure that known malicious processes aren't accidentally executed by end users. 

Author: @benironside I don't quite follow your comment, but I think "accidentally ... by end users" adds extra meaning that we might not want to lose.

> The blocklist allows you to prevent specified applications from running on hosts, extending the list of processes that {elastic-defend} considers malicious. This helps ensure that known malicious processes aren't accidentally executed by end users. 

Reviewer: Correct - we can leave `accidentally` in here.

> The blocklist is not intended to generically block applications assumed to be benign. To compare the blocklist with other endpoint artifacts, refer to <<endpoint-artifacts>>.

Author: I think this is responding specifically to some misconfigurations where admins might have tried to use the blocklist to block an app that isn't a security threat per se, but just something that admins didn't want end users to run. But other readers may have the same confusion you had; maybe there's a clearer way to say this?

> The blocklist is not intended to generically block applications assumed to be benign. To compare the blocklist with other endpoint artifacts, refer to <<endpoint-artifacts>>.

Author: @nastasha-solomon I'm trying out a twist on your suggestion. I'd like this paragraph to start with "the blocklist does NOT do this" as a contrast to the previous para, which is "the blocklist DOES do this," but otherwise I agree with y'all, a little more explanation is needed here.
```suggestion
The blocklist is not intended to broadly block benign applications for non-security reasons; only use it to block potentially harmful applications. To compare the blocklist with other endpoint artifacts, refer to <<endpoint-artifacts>>.
```
(Is "broadly block benign" too much of a tongue twister? 🤪)

> The blocklist is not intended to generically block applications assumed to be benign. To compare the blocklist with other endpoint artifacts, refer to <<endpoint-artifacts>>.

Reviewer 2: I can agree with this approach.  

Sidenote: If this were a Letterkenny episode, I'd applaud your admirable application of alliteration. 🥇
